dns_proxy enhances dnscache with configurable response rewriting capabilities.

Installation
------------
djbdns with dnscache should be built from the patched source and installed the usual way

Configuration
-------------
A rewrite.conf file has to be created in the configured dnscache root directory.

Each line of the file defines a single rule. A rule consists of 6 fields, separated
by ';'. Each rule should start at the beginning of the line, without any extra
whitespaces. The first 3 fields together define a pattern which a DNS query
has to match to make the rule trigger, in case of trigger the response collected
from dnscache is rewritten before sending it to the client.
The last 3 fields are used to define the altered response.
Rules are evaluated in the order of their definition, the first matching one
will be used.

The 6 fields of a rule are:

1. IP address expression of the DNS query requester.
   A DNS query's requester IP must match the expression to make the rule trigger.   
   A valid IPv4 address has to be specified (IPv6 is not supported yet).
   Each decimal part of the address can be replaced with an interval, 
   for example: '1.2.1-100.4'. A decimal part can be also omitted,
   which indicates the 0-255 interval, thus '1.2..4' means '1.2.0-255.4'.
   The most generic expression is '...' which translates to '0-255.0-255.0-255.0-255'
   (thus all IPv4 addresses).

2. A regular expression, which the DNS query's content must match
   to make the rule trigger. A POSIX regular expression has to be specified.
   For example '.*\.com' will match all names ending with '.com'.
   Expression must cover the whole name.

3. Type of the matching DNS query, currently supported: A, CNAME, NS, PTR,
   MX, SOA and TXT. If the field is empty all types are matched.

4. Content of the response. At the moment only a single response is supported in a rule.
   Format depends on the response type (defined in 5. field).
   A - <a single valid IPv4 address>
   CNAME, NS, PTR - <a single valid domainname>
   MX - <preference>:<domainname>
   SOA - <mname>:<rname>:<serial>:<refresh>:<retry>:<expire>:<minimum>
         mname, rname must be valid domainnames
         serial, refresh, retry, expire and minimum must be integers
         within 0 and 4294967295.
   TXT - <a string, not longer than 255 characters>

   For meaning of these fields check RFC 1035.

5. Type of the response: A, CNAME, NS, PTR, MX, SOA or TXT.

6. TTL values to be used

For NXDOMAIN response 4. field should have the value 'NXDOMAIN', in this case
5. and 6. fields should be empty.

If 4. and 5. fields are empty the original dnscache answers (all of them)
are returned for the query, only TTL rewriting is used.

If 6. field is empty no TTL rewriting is used.

All lines starting with a '#' are treated as comment lines and aren't evaluated.

Each time the configuration file is modified dnscache has to be restarted to
make the changes come into effect.

If no rewrite.conf is present or it's content is faulty dnscache will operate
normally without using the rewriting capability.
Missing of rewrite.conf or the first faulty line's number in rewrite.conf is
indicated in dnscache's current log. If none of the above are written there,
rewrite.conf was loaded successfully and dns_proxy is operating.

See dns_proxy_example.conf for examples.
